Not bad. Not bad.
Now I don't want to win or not
Just these.
Ha ha.
This is the junk stock that no one wants.
No descent!
More than a little
Looks like it's all ours on Monday
Boss Chen, do you want to think about it again?
Thank you for the benefits of President Shangguan
No, these three stocks I picked
It's the best here.
No need to pick again
Why doesn't the president persuade you?
To deliver money to your door
It's too late to be happy, there's no hard reason
Don't say I bully you.
Please be ready to hand over the money to me
I would like to
But things don't have to be
You look like hey
I want to see your three junk stocks.
Can go up a few cents
kid
How many junk stocks are you?
It's down by the limit.
You're going to lose.